add testing sdk docs (#70)
cloudquery/docs: docs/developers/sdk/overview.md

# Overview

> **The CloudQuery SDK** enables building CloudQuery providers which allows CloudQuery's users to **E**xtract/**T**ransform/**L**oad existing and popular service providers APIs as well as custom in-house solutions into a SQL database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**The CloudQuery SDK** enables building CloudQuery providers which allows CloudQuery's users to **E**xtract/**T**ransform/**L**oad existing and popular service provider APIs as well as custom in-house solutions into a SQL database.
```

> It was developed to allow easy creation for providers and reduce boilerplate code when developing them, giving developers to solely focus on the **E**xtract while the SDK takes care of the rest. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It was developed to allow easy creation for providers and reduce boilerplate code when developing them, enabling developers to solely focus on the **E**xtract while the SDK takes care of the rest. 
```

# Overview

**The CloudQuery SDK** enables building CloudQuery providers which allows CloudQuery's users to **E**xtract/**T**ransform/**L**oad existing and popular service providers APIs as well as custom in-house solutions into a SQL database.

> It was developed to allow easy creation for providers and reduce boilerplate code when developing them, letting developers focus only on the **E**xtract while the SDK will take care of the rest. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It was developed to allow easy creation for providers and reduce boilerplate code when developing them, giving developers solely on the **E**xtract while the SDK takes care of the rest. 
```

> The core idea of the SDK is to allow for developers developing a provider in a straightforward manner, while allowing the user free control in fetching the data to be inserted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The core idea of the SDK is to allow developing a provider in a straightforward manner, while allowing the user free control in fetching the data to be inserted.
```

feels redundant
